fix: match Juju's action name validation rules (#2723)
canonical/charmcraft: docs/reference/files/charmcraft-yaml-file.rst

.. _charmcraft-yaml-file:

.. _meta::

>     :description: Reference for the ``charmcraft.yaml`` project file, covering every supported top-level key, nested structures, and the inline charm metadata, actions, and configuration that Charmcraft consumes when packing a charm.

Reviewer: Here's what we've been using for some of the other craft apps' project file references.
```suggestion
.. meta::
    :description: Reference for the Charmcraft project file, with descriptions and examples of each of its keys.
```
I'd like to leave out the file name here since it's already the most prominent text in the search result. Aside from that, I had an attempt at making this a little more concise.
